翻译动态合图以及SUMMARY补充 (#1480)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/advanced-topics/dynamic-atlas.md

# Dynamic Atlas

> Reducing the number of DrawCalls is a very direct and effective way to improve game rendering efficiency, and one of the most important factors for two DrawCalls to be merged into one is whether both DrawCalls use the same texture.

Reviewer: , and 
-->
, and is

Author: Actually "one of the most important factors for..." is another sentence. Maybe I should delete ", and" and add a period?

Author: ```suggestion
Reducing the number of DrawCalls is a very direct and effective way to improve game rendering efficiency. One of the most important factors for two DrawCalls to be merged into one is whether both DrawCalls use the same texture.
```

Dynamic atlas selects which textures are merged into a larger image in **rendering order**, which ensures that adjacent DrawCalls are merged into a single DrawCall (aka "batching").

## Enable and Disable Dynamic Atlas

During initialization, Cocos Creator sets different [CLEANUP_IMAGE_CACHE](../../../api/en/modules/core.html#macro-1.cleanup_image_cache) parameter for different platforms, and when `CLEANUP_IMAGE_CACHE` is disabled, dynamic atlas will be enabled by default. <br>
Enabling dynamic atlas will take up extra memory, and the size of the memory used varies by platform. It is currently disabled by default on mini games and native platforms, but it is recommended to turn it on if your project still has room in memory.

**If you want to force dynamic atlas to be enabled**, please add the following code to your code:

```ts
macro.CLEANUP_IMAGE_CACHE = false;
dynamicAtlasManager.enabled = true;
```

> > **Note**: Please write the code above in the outermost part of the project script, not in the `onLoad`/`start` class functions, to ensure that they take effect instantly during the project loading process. Otherwise, it may cause an error if the dynamic atlas is enabled only when part of the texture cache has been released.

Reviewer: Please write
-->
write

> **If you wish to forcibly disable dynamic atlas**, you can control it directly by code:

Reviewer: **If you wish to forcibly disable dynamic atlas**, you can control it directly by code:
-->
**To forcibly disable dynamic atlas**, control it directly by code:

```ts
dynamicAtlasManager.enabled = false;
```

## Texture Restrictions

> The dynamic atlas system limits the size of the texture that can be merged. By default, only textures with a width and height less than **512** can be entered into the dynamic atlas system. This limit can be modified by the developer according to the following requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The dynamic atlas system limits the size of the texture that can be merged. By default, only textures with a width and height less than **512** can be entered into the dynamic atlas system. This limit can be modified by developers as required by the following methods.
```

```ts
dynamicAtlasManager.maxFrameSize = 512;
```

> For details, look up `DynamicAtlasManager` in the API documentation.

Reviewer: For details, look up `DynamicAtlasManager` in the API documentation.
-->
For APIs related to the `DynamicAtlasManager`, please refer to the [DynamicAtlasManager API](../../../api/en/classes/DynamicAtlasManager.html) documentation.

Reviewer 2: @slackmoehrle 因为 DynamicAtlasManager 这个 api 是开发人员后面才补上的，所以现在官网 API 文档还没有 DynamicAtlasManager，之后让用户自己在 api 文档中搜索就好了

> For APIs related to the `DynamicAtlasManager`, please refer to the [DynamicAtlasManager API](https://github.com/api/en/classes/DynamicAtlasManager.html) documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details, look up `DynamicAtlasManager` in the [API documentation](../../../api/en/).
```
